# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

* Responsive web design seems very important to me and a good practice to make sure that your website is accessible and readable for anyone independent of the browser/device they use. Given the explosion of different devices and screen sizes, making your website responsive to that seems ever more important. It does add some complexity to the code that needs to be employed (essentially what ifs for devices/CSS), but this is a trade-off and needs to be managed on a case-by-case basis I guess
* I think that smartphones and tablets have made webdesign more complex and more important than before. Every user accessing your site through a different device has different requirements and needs and ideally, your website reflects that by being responsive and targeted. It's like a department store that previously had only one shop window at the main door, but now people come from all directions and enter the store through side entries. This makes the layout more complex, but also offers an opportunity to tailor the experience to different user groups.
* Just like in the offline world, the online world too needs to be accessible for everyone. Thus, i feel it is important to design websites in a way that they can be used by visually impaired people too. To be honest, I don't know how visually impaired access the web right now, but I would assume that one could translate elements of the web design into voice-overs that read out loud the options when scrolling over the navigation bar.
* I read http://alistapart.com/article/responsive-web-design that gave a great background on the development of responsive webdesign. To think about accessability of websites from a social standpoint has very much resonated with me and made me more aware of something that I was previously not aware of. In addition, the idea of translating your website into proportions by using % or ems has resonated with me. Initially, I was confused by what the difference is between % and ems and so I research some articles, this one has helped me: http://kyleschaeffer.com/development/css-font-size-em-vs-px-vs-pt-vs/ I will use % from now on :=)